hey what's up you guys right here and
welcome back to another mod showcase
today I'm showcasing them on arrow can
mod for minecraft 1.7 point to buy Jas
and underscore man that intro tuck me a
lot of dries anyways what this mod lets
you do if you didn't guess it's
basically shoot arrows up or whatever
you want I usually shoot them up I don't
know what about you guys you can show
them like this but that just do this but
anyways you can shoot arrows up and
basically follow them around with your
camera while you characters stays at the
same point if that's not clear so let me
actually do a demonstration to activate
this you actually have to press the
shift so let's do that if you don't
press shift as you can see right here it
doesn't do anything but if I do press
shift or not and am as soon as you leave
the shift button it will get back to
your character view so basically it's
very customizable grateful PvP in my
opinion but I have to point out that it
is forged so you can't use it on a
regular client I guess origin PvP I
think this one is actually grateful
viewing / huge obstacles say you want to
see what's in them but you're going to
climb the entire way right so you just
go ahead shoot an arrow up while
pressing ship and you can see the whole
area so that's great even though its
fourth you second it's still better than
climbing in my opinion overall i would
rate this mod a great out of 10 so
that's a great score just saying even if
you don't want to use it for PvP or
viewing over obstacles you can still
just have fun playing around with it
shooting at the pigs or whatever I just
want hit that pegham 20 be alright guys
that's it for today's mod showcase if
you liked it make sure you go down on it
and say i sent you show some love i will
see you all in the next mod showcase or
whatever video you choose to view
goodbye it was fun and by